PACKAGE/BUILD:

Please find attached 2 compressed tar files.  They contains several files that make up a
networking library and 1 other file that is the application main.  The networking lib
will also be used for other cyberwerx applications.  Please uncompress the snmpRouted.tar.Z
using Unix uncompress.  Then, extract the files from the archive.  The default target in
the snmpRouted.mk makefile is all.  It will make the snmpRouted application.
The makefile will have to be edited to find your CC compiler and ar (archive) commands.
It currently expects to use the GNU g++ compiler and find ar in the path.
To build type the following:

  make -f snmpRouted.mk

You may build my SNMP send test application if you need to by typing the following:

  make -f snmpRouted.mk send

DESCRIPTION:

The snmpRouted (daemon) is the SNMP packet router.  It may be started on any host where
the desired port is available.  It should be started as follows: 

  snmpRouted -p <port#> -d host:port

There is no need to suffix the command with an & since the daemon is designed run in the
background.  The -p is a port number and -d is the destination host and port# separated
by a ":" colon.

ARCHITECTURE:

The router will listen for snmp packets on the specified port and route them to the
specified destination.  It will wait 30 seconds for a response.  Once the first response
packet is received it will then wait 3 seconds between packets.  Each response packet
is routed back to the address and port that originated the exchange.  The routing is
bi-directional.  A maximum of 500 simultaneous routing operations (requests) may be
outstanding at one time.  Additional packets will be discarded.

The server will log both INFO (LOG_DAEMON|LOG_NOTICE) and ERROR (LOG_MAIL|LOG_CRIT)
messages to the syslog (/var/adm/messages).  I am using the above facilities/severity
because that is how my machine is configured.  I will change it to something more appropriate
in the final release.
